Okay. And uh you know that time of the
show where we bring you uh more stocks
to keep on your radar. SKF is one and
we'll go to Kaneshka on just that. But
first Kaneska give us a perspective on
ICICI Lombard. ARA has uh hiked target
price by quite a margin and upgraded its
stance. Give us the sense as to why that
is so.
>> Absolutely. So uh Capital has upgraded
the stock that is ICICIC Lombarda to a
buy from an accumulate rating earlier
and has raised the target price to 2250
from 1960 earlier. This is because it
sees the company witnessing strong
momentum going ahead. The company did
report a gross direct premium income of
6,600 cr rupes and PAT that is up about
18% on a year-on-year basis. This was
led by solid performance in retail
health which now accounts for a 4%
market share as of September for the
company. Now the combined ratio that
stood at 105.1%
this includes seasonal catastroph but
expense control that helped offset
claims inflation. Now a return on equity
that remains robust at 21.4% solveny is
healthy at 2.73 times whereas investment
yield that also improved to 7.4%.
So expects the second half of FI26
growth over there to pick up driven by
retail health momentum festiveled motor
demand and better execution in
commercial lines. Now the brokerages
also pointed out some GST related
benefits tailwinds over there including
exemption on health premiums and lower
GST on autos. So that's also something
that is going to boost affordability and
volumes for this company. And expects
patch to grow about 16% kagger and net
earned premium 14% kagger over fi25 to
28. Uh this while it has highlighted
ICIC Lombard's strong franchisee and
steady execution. So yes, ICICI Lombard
is in focus because capital has upgraded
the stock to a buy and raised the target
price to 2250.
>> Okay. uh and Kaneska with regard to SKF
that adjustment likely to happen today
give us a sense as to what are the kind
of numbers we can expect in terms of and
what what kind of stock price action we
can expect give us a sense
>> absolutely so let me just take you
through what the details are first up
SKF is in the spotlight like you said
because the company's de merger uh
record date that kicks in today this
auto components maker is now spinning
off its industrial business into a
separate listed entity that is going to
be called SKF India industrials. Uh so
that's uh the de merger that has uh you
know taken place. The stock goes X uh
date for the de merger today and there's
going to be a special trading session
between 9 and 10:00 a.m. This is to
determine the fair value of the new
entity. Now the normal trading for SKF
India that will of course resume at
10:00 a.m. later today. Now under this
scheme the de merger scheme the
shareholders will receive uh one share
of the new company for every share that
they held in SKF India. So that's uh the
you know share ratio that's a 1 is to1
share ratio that we are going to witness
after the de merger. Now shares of SKF
India industrial that is the new legal
entity that will be credited to DMAT
accounts later that's followed by an
announcement of on the listing date
which is uh listing uh which is likely
to you know happen in sometime in
November. Now after the split SKF India
will continue to operate its automotive
business while the new SKF India
industrial that is the new entity that
is going to be formed that will focus on
u manufacturing railways renewables
cement mining and metal sectors. So
basically all of the industrial sectors
that the uh company wants to operate in.
So SKF India Industrials is going to
focus on that. So yes SKF India shares
are adjusting today and investors are
you know gearing up for the company's
big industrial de merger.
Uh uh deepen.